blog/community.md, before:

---
title: Commencement Pictures
sections:
  - section_id: hero
    type: section_hero
    title: Graduation Day
    image: images/5.jpg 
    content: Spring 2021 Graduation Class
  - section_id: showcase
    type: section_grid
    col_number: three
    grid_items: 
      - title: Link
        title_url: 'https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dRK6an0MxaI&t=5s&ab_channel=GeorgiaGwinnettCollege'
        image: images/grad 1.PNG
      - title: Link
        title_url: 'https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BJs6ei-FaM4&ab_channel=GeorgiaGwinnettCollege'
        image: images/grad 2.PNG 
      - title: Link
        title_url: 'https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hLR81K0s63A&t=2s&ab_channel=GeorgiaGwinnettCollege'
        image: images/grad 3.PNG 
      - title: Link
        title_url: 'https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hLR81K0s63A&t=2s&ab_channel=GeorgiaGwinnettCollege'
        image: images/grad 4.PNG 
      - title: Link
        title_url: 'https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BJs6ei-FaM4&ab_channel=GeorgiaGwinnettCollege'
        image: images/grad 5.PNG  
      - title: Link
        title_url: 'https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BJs6ei-FaM4&ab_channel=GeorgiaGwinnettCollege'
        image: images/grad 6.PNG
              
seo:
  title: Graduates
  description: This is the showcase page
  extra:
    - name: 'og:type'
      value: website
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:title'
      value: Showcase
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:description'
      value: This is the showcase page
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:image'
      value: images/5.jpg
      keyName: property
      relativeUrl: true
    - name: 'twitter:card'
      value: summary_large_image
    - name: 'twitter:title'
      value: Showcase
    - name: 'twitter:description'
      value: This is the showcase page
    - name: 'twitter:image'
      value: images/5.jpg
      relativeUrl: true
layout: advanced
---

Commit message:

Updated to reflect Blog changes

blog/community.md, after:

---
title: Blog build to help DSA students communicate to find out information about the course. Coming soon...
sections:
  - section_id: hero
    type: section_hero
    title: Graduation Day
    image: images/5.jpg 
    content: Spring 2021 Graduation Class
  - section_id: showcase
    type: section_grid
    col_number: three
    grid_items: 
      - title: Link
        title_url: 'https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dRK6an0MxaI&t=5s&ab_channel=GeorgiaGwinnettCollege'
        image: images/grad 1.PNG
      - title: Link
        title_url: 'https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BJs6ei-FaM4&ab_channel=GeorgiaGwinnettCollege'
        image: images/grad 2.PNG 
      - title: Link
        title_url: 'https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hLR81K0s63A&t=2s&ab_channel=GeorgiaGwinnettCollege'
        image: images/grad 3.PNG 
      - title: Link
        title_url: 'https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hLR81K0s63A&t=2s&ab_channel=GeorgiaGwinnettCollege'
        image: images/grad 4.PNG 
      - title: Link
        title_url: 'https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BJs6ei-FaM4&ab_channel=GeorgiaGwinnettCollege'
        image: images/grad 5.PNG  
      - title: Link
        title_url: 'https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BJs6ei-FaM4&ab_channel=GeorgiaGwinnettCollege'
        image: images/grad 6.PNG
              
seo:
  title: Graduates
  description: This is the showcase page
  extra:
    - name: 'og:type'
      value: website
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:title'
      value: Showcase
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:description'
      value: This is the showcase page
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:image'
      value: images/5.jpg
      keyName: property
      relativeUrl: true
    - name: 'twitter:card'
      value: summary_large_image
    - name: 'twitter:title'
      value: Showcase
    - name: 'twitter:description'
      value: This is the showcase page
    - name: 'twitter:image'
      value: images/5.jpg
      relativeUrl: true
layout: advanced
---
